CONTRIBUTING.rst, before:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are always very welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

Jump right in and don't be afraid of making mistakes: That's what pull
requests and code review are for. I don't bite and I don't believe in
belittling people.

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at https://github.com/der-gabe/django-colorinput/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Fix Bugs or Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues. Anything that's not assigned yet is open to
whoever wants to implement it.

Improve Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

While django-colorinput is a super simple little Django app, it could probably
use better documentation, whether in docstrings, in dedicated documentation files
(outside `README.rst`), or even on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

Write some Tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You may have noticed that in its present incarnation the project doesn't even
have any tests of its own. In part, this is because I'm not too sure how to
even go about testing a Django app in isolation, i.e. without Django around
(although I'm sure I could find out - it's bound to be documented
somewhere). Apart from that, it's such a simple little app that… well, what's
there to test, really?

Still, code without tests is broken by design, and all that…

Give Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Are you getting even the tiniest use out of this app? Let me know about it!

Propose a Feature
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to do that is to file an issue at https://github.com/der-gabe/django-colorinput/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `django-colorinput` for local development.

1. Fork the `django-colorinput` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/django-colorinput.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have virtualenvwrapper installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ mkvirtualenv django-colorinput
    $ cd django-colorinput/
    $ python setup.py develop

4. Create a branch for local development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

6. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Commit message:

Accurately mention testing in CONTRIBUTING file

CONTRIBUTING.rst, after:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are always very welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

Jump right in and don't be afraid of making mistakes: That's what pull
requests and code review are for. I don't bite and I don't believe in
belittling people.

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

Give Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Are you getting even the tiniest use out of this app? Let me know about it!

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at https://github.com/der-gabe/django-colorinput/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.
Improve Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

While django-colorinput is a super simple little Django app, it could probably
use better documentation, whether in docstrings, in dedicated documentation files
(outside `README.rst`), or even on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

Write some more tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This being such a simple little app you'd be forgiven to think: "Well, what's
there to test, really?".

I have tried to implement tests for all relevant functionality, though, since
code without tests is broken by design, as the saying goes.

If you do find something that's untested, please feel free to write some tests
for it.

Fix Bugs or Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues. Anything that's not assigned yet is open to
whoever wants to implement it.

I'd appreciate some tests to go with any new code, though.

Propose a Feature
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to do that is to file an issue at https://github.com/der-gabe/django-colorinput/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `django-colorinput` for local development.

1. Fork the `django-colorinput` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/django-colorinput.git

3. Create a virtualenv for your local copy and install (at least) `tox` into
   it, so you can run all tests locally. If you use `pyenv`, I would recommend
   also installing `tox-pyenv` and using `pyenv local` to set additional
   interpreters, one for each version specified in `envlist` in `tox.ini`.
4. Create a branch for local development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

6. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.
